chore: improve docs about support of gRPC in KIC (#6497)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/services/grpc.md

## Overview

This guide walks through deploying a [Service][svc] that listens for [gRPC connections][gRPC] and exposes this service outside of the cluster using {{site.base_gateway}}.

> Currently, only gRPC over HTTP/2 with TLS is supported. Thus Gateway's listener must be configured with `protocol: HTTPS` as in the presented example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only gRPC over HTTP/2 with TLS is supported. Hence, configure the Gateway's listener using `protocol: HTTPS` when routing GRPC traffic.
```
